Update project name regex (#1849)
software-mansion/protostar: website/docs/tutorials/08-cairo-1-support/01-understanding-cairo-packages.md

## Packages and modules names considerations

The name must be a valid Cairo identifier. 

> It must use only ASCII alphanumeric characters or `_`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It must use only ASCII alphanumeric characters or an underscore, 
```

and cannot be empty, nor can it start with a digit.

> It also must not be a valid Cairo keyword or a wildcard pattern (`_`).

Reviewer: What do you mean by "wildcard pattern"? If it cannot be an underscore without any other characters I'd write something like 
```suggestion
It also must not be a valid Cairo keyword or a single underscore (`_`).
```

> It also must not be a valid Cairo keyword or a single underscore (`_`).

Reviewer 2: List of constraints would be more readable

Author: I tried to make it similar to Scarb's [docs](https://docs.swmansion.com/scarb/docs/reference/manifest#name)

Reviewer: I don't think we necessarily have to follow scarb docs style.
